for the calf and his mother going back
is not an option
[Music]
briefly he finds a photo
then panic sets in
[Applause]
caca dials deliberately select
particular victims
mother and calf have no room to maneuver
the mother is Brad the calf is swept
away
the current is so strong that the polka
dials can't fight it
only a rock stops their struggles the
caf2 is battling for his life
[Applause]
but the crocodiles home is awkward
reinforcements arrived
the crocodile is tiring and has to
change its grip
[Music]
miraculously the mother is relatively
unharmed
the calf tries to keep his head above
water
the crocodile is exhausting it has to
let her go
[Music]
other uncut region below the rapids
together they make it a shot
others are not so lucky
[Applause]
you